Hopefully you didn't find
that too challenging,
it was meant to be pretty easy.
Here is the solution, there's just two
lines that we needed to add to that,
so for score value to be reset to zero,
we just need to assign it to be zero.
And then to increment the score,
we just have to say
ScoreValue++, you could also
set it to itself +1 but
of course ++ is a shorthand
common in many languages.
So I'm actually going to jump over
to unity and write up this script,
because it is a script
that we're going to need.
So if you have not already written this,
go to the project Window,
right-click, and open the Create menu and
choose Create C sharp Script,
this will be called Score.
And I'll open the script.
And we don't need these two namespaces
at the top, so I'll get rid of those.
And we actually don't need
either of the methods
that are here,
because we're gonna write our own,
so I'll write a public
void ResetScore method.
And actually I needed to
create a variable first, so
let me go back up to the top here.
We need a public integer and that's
the ScoreValue property that I mentioned.
I'll open curly braces there,
we need to get,
that is public and then a private set, and
the reason this get is public is
because the property is public.
So, if I were to say, that this were
set without the accessor there,
that would also be public but I am
explicitly saying that is a private set.
So now in ResetScore,
we want to set that property to be 0,
and then we need another method
called IncrementScore and
there we will say, ScoreValue++.
So every time this method is called,
score will go up by one,
when reset score is called
it will get reset to zero.